[DOC] Clarify err_cmd (#4991)
pachyderm/pachyderm: doc/docs/1.10.x/how-tos/err_cmd.md

successfully processed, only these two successful datums are used in
the next pipeline.

> If you want to skip all errors and let the job proceed with the
> successful datums only, set `"err_cmd" : ["true"]`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to let the job proceed with only the
successful datums being written to the output, set `"err_cmd" : ["true"]`. Note that failed datums (which are "recovered" by your err_cmd in this way, will be retried on the next job, just as failed datums. 
```

Reviewer: Same change to below
